Create Getting started with List draft (#1925)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/List/00 Getting Started with List/03 Bind the List to Data.md

> The **List** can load data from different data source types. To use a local array, assign it to the [dataSource](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#dataSource) property and specify the name of the data field you would like to display in the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#displayExpr) property. For information on data binding with other data source types, refer to the following articles:

Reviewer: > specify the name of the data field you would like to display in the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#displayExpr) property

We need to eliminate a couple of ambiguities here: we display the field values, not the name nor the data field itself, and we display them in the List, not in the displayExpr property.

```suggestion
The **List** can load data from different data source types. To use a local array, assign it to the [dataSource](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#dataSource) property and use the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#displayExpr) property to specify the name of the data field whose values you would like to display. For information on data binding with other data source types, refer to the following articles:
```

- [JSON Data](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Data_Binding/JSON_Data/)
- [OData Sevice](Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Data_Binding/OData_Service/)
- [Web API service](Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Data_Binding/Web_API_Service/)
- [MongoDB Service](Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Data_Binding/MongoDB_Service/)

> - [Custom Sources](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Data_Binding/Custom_Sources//)

Reviewer: Use links to common articles, as the DataGrid tutorial does - the inidividual articles are soon to be removed.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function () {

>         $('#list1').dxList({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $('#list').dxList({
```

> The **List** can load data from different data source types. To bind the component to data, create an instance of [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) and assign it to the [dataSource](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#dataSource) property. Pass the data to the [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/store/) property of the **DataSource** instance. Below the **dataSource** declare the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#displayExpr) property and specify the name of the data field you would like to display. For information on data binding with other data source types, refer to the following articles:

Reviewer: Let's describe binding to a local array and switch to the DataSource in the Group Items part. You can copy text from Getting Started with DataGrid.

> The **List** can load data from different data source types. To use a local array, assign it to the [dataSource](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#dataSource) property and use the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#displayExpr) property to specify the name of the data field whose values you would like to display. For information on data binding with other data source types, refer to the following articles:

Reviewer 2: The second sentence is pretty long. If you count the verbs, you get "to use ... assign ... and use ... to specify ... would like to display". 

For one, there's no real reason to make it this long. If you split it into two, the text wouldn't be longer or less readable. You wouldn't need to introduce any repetition. 

The other reason is that the long sentence implies that you have to use the "displayExpr" property, while it is not required in cases of simple arrays (elements are strings, not objects). That might be a rare case, but it seems to work. 

 ```suggestion
The **List** can load data from different data source types. To use a local array, assign it to the [dataSource](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#dataSource) property. If array elements are objects, use the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#displayExpr) property to specify the data field that supplies values to the list. For information other data source types, refer to the following articles:
```

    },
    {
        ID: 12,
        Name: "DesktopLCD 21",
        Category: "Monitors"
    },
    {
        ID: 13,
        Name: "DesktopLCD 19",
        Category: "Monitors"
    },
    {
        ID: 14,
        Name: "Projector Plus",
        Category: "Projectors"
    },
    {
        ID: 15,
        Name: "Projector PlusHD",
        Category: "Projectors"
    },
    {
        ID: 17,
        Name: "ExcelRemote IR",
        Category: "Automation"
    },
    {
        ID: 18,
        Name: "ExcelRemote BT",
        Category: "Automation"
    },
    {
        ID: 19,
        Name: "ExcelRemote IP",
        Category: "Automation"
    }];

    @Injectable({
        providedIn: 'root'
    })
    export class ProductsService {
        getProducts(): Products[] {
            return products;
        }
    }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <div id="app-container">
            <DxList
                :data-source="products"
                display-expr="Name">
            </DxList>
        </div>
    </template>

    <script>
    // ...
    import { products } from './products';

    export default {
        // ...
        data() {
            return {

>                 products: products.getProducts(),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                products
```

    },
    {
        ID: 5,
        Name: "SuperLED 42",
        Category: "Televisions"
    },
    {
        ID: 6,
        Name: "SuperLCD 55",
        Category: "Televisions"
    },
    {
        ID: 7,
        Name: "SuperLCD 42",
        Category: "Televisions"
    },
    {
        ID: 8,
        Name: "SuperPlasma 65",
        Category: "Televisions"
    },
    {
        ID: 9,
        Name: "SuperLCD 70",
        Category: "Televisions"
    },
    {
        ID: 10,
        Name: "DesktopLED 21",
        Category: "Monitors"
    },
    {
        ID: 12,
        Name: "DesktopLCD 21",
        Category: "Monitors"
    },
    {
        ID: 13,
        Name: "DesktopLCD 19",
        Category: "Monitors"
    },
    {
        ID: 14,
        Name: "Projector Plus",
        Category: "Projectors"
    },
    {
        ID: 15,
        Name: "Projector PlusHD",
        Category: "Projectors"
    },
    {
        ID: 17,
        Name: "ExcelRemote IR",
        Category: "Automation"
    },
    {
        ID: 18,
        Name: "ExcelRemote BT",
        Category: "Automation"
    },
    {
        ID: 19,
        Name: "ExcelRemote IP",
        Category: "Automation"
    }];

> 
>     export default {
>         getProducts() {
>             return products;
>         }
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    },
    {
        ID: 13,
        Name: "DesktopLCD 19",
        Category: "Monitors"
    },
    {
        ID: 14,
        Name: "Projector Plus",
        Category: "Projectors"
    },
    {
        ID: 15,
        Name: "Projector PlusHD",
        Category: "Projectors"
    },
    {
        ID: 17,
        Name: "ExcelRemote IR",
        Category: "Automation"
    },
    {
        ID: 18,
        Name: "ExcelRemote BT",
        Category: "Automation"
    },
    {
        ID: 19,
        Name: "ExcelRemote IP",
        Category: "Automation"
    }];
 
##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-list
        [dataSource]="products"
        displayExpr="Name">
    </dx-list>

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core';
    import { Product, ProductsService } from './products.service';

    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
    })
    export class AppComponent {
        dataSource: DataSource;
        products: Product[] = [];

        constructor(service: ProductsService) {
            this.products = service.getProducts();

>             this.dataSource = new DataSource({

Reviewer: The reader knows nothing about the DataSource yet.

                store: this.products,
                group: "Category"
            });
        }
    }

    <!-- tab: products.service.ts -->
    import { Injectable } from '@angular/core';

    export interface Product {
        ID: Number,
        Name: String,
        Category: String,
    }

    const products: Product[] = [{

>             ID: 1,

Reviewer: Let's shift the array four spaces to the left.

            Name: "DesktopLCD 21",
            Category: "Monitors"
        },
        {
            ID: 13,
            Name: "DesktopLCD 19",
            Category: "Monitors"
        },
        {
            ID: 14,
            Name: "Projector Plus",
            Category: "Projectors"
        },
        {
            ID: 15,
            Name: "Projector PlusHD",
            Category: "Projectors"
        },
        {
            ID: 17,
            Name: "ExcelRemote IR",
            Category: "Automation"
        },
        {
            ID: 18,
            Name: "ExcelRemote BT",
            Category: "Automation"
        },
        {
            ID: 19,
            Name: "ExcelRemote IP",
            Category: "Automation"
        }];

    @Injectable({
        providedIn: 'root'
    })
    export class ProductsService {
        getProducts(): Products[] {
            return products;
        }
    }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <div id="app-container">
            <DxList
                :data-source="products"
                display-expr="Name">
            </DxList>
        </div>
    </template>

    <script>
    // ...

>     import service from './products.service';

Reviewer: Differs from [original](https://github.com/czernous-devexpress/Getting-started-with-List/blob/master/vue/src/App.vue#L18)

    export default {
        // ...
        data() {
            return {
                products: service.getProducts(),
            }
        },
    }
    </script>

    <!-- tab: products.service.js -->

>     const products = [{

Reviewer: Differs from [original](https://github.com/czernous-devexpress/Getting-started-with-List/blob/master/vue/src/products.js#L1)

The **List** can load data from different data source types. To use a local array, assign it to the [dataSource](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#dataSource) property and use the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#displayExpr) property to specify the name of the data field whose values you would like to display. For information on data binding with other data source types, refer to the following articles:

- [Read-Only Data in JSON Format](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/Read-Only_Data_in_JSON_Format/)
- [OData](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/OData/)
- [Web API, PHP, MongoDB](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/Web_API,_PHP,_MongoDB/)
- [Custom Data Sources](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/Custom_Data_Sources/)

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function () {
        $('#list').dxList({
            dataSource: products,
            displayExpr: 'Name',
        });
    });

    <!-- tab: data.js -->

>     var products = [{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const products = [{
```

        ID: 1,
        Name: 'HD Video Player',
        Price: 330,
        Current_Inventory: 225,
        Backorder: 0,
        Manufacturing: 10,
        Category: 'Video Players',

>         ImageSrc: 'images/products/1.png',

Reviewer: Let's edit the data source to exclude those fields that we don't use in this tutorial.

    },
    {
        ID: 18,
        Name: 'ExcelRemote BT',
        Price: 180,
        Current_Inventory: 310,
        Backorder: 0,
        Manufacturing: 0,
        Category: 'Automation',
        ImageSrc: 'images/products/18.png',
    },
    {
        ID: 19,
        Name: 'ExcelRemote IP',
        Price: 200,
        Current_Inventory: 0,
        Backorder: 325,
        Manufacturing: 225,
        Category: 'Automation',
        ImageSrc: 'images/products/19.png',
    }];
 
##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-list
        [dataSource]="products"
        displayExpr="Name">
    </dx-list>

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core';
    import { Product, ProductsService } from './products.service';

    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
    })
    export class AppComponent {
        products: Product[] = [];

        constructor(service: ProductsService) {
            this.products = service.getProducts();
        }
    }

    <!-- tab: products.service.ts -->
    import { Injectable } from '@angular/core';

>     export interface Employee {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    export interface Product {
```

        Price: 750,
        Current_Inventory: 110,
        Backorder: 0,
        Manufacturing: 90,
        Category: 'Projectors',
        ImageSrc: 'images/products/15.png',
    },
    {
        ID: 17,
        Name: 'ExcelRemote IR',
        Price: 150,
        Current_Inventory: 650,
        Backorder: 0,
        Manufacturing: 190,
        Category: 'Automation',
        ImageSrc: 'images/products/17.png',
    },
    {
        ID: 18,
        Name: 'ExcelRemote BT',
        Price: 180,
        Current_Inventory: 310,
        Backorder: 0,
        Manufacturing: 0,
        Category: 'Automation',
        ImageSrc: 'images/products/18.png',
    },
    {
        ID: 19,
        Name: 'ExcelRemote IP',
        Price: 200,
        Current_Inventory: 0,
        Backorder: 325,
        Manufacturing: 225,
        Category: 'Automation',
        ImageSrc: 'images/products/19.png',
    }];

    @Injectable({
        providedIn: 'root'
    })
    export class ProductsService {
        getProducts(): Products[] {
            return products;
        }
    }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <div id="app-container">
            <DxList

>                 :data-source="employees"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                :data-source="products"
```

                display-expr="Name">
            </DxList>
        </div>
    </template>

    <script>
    // ...
    import service from './products.service';

    export default {
        // ...
        data() {
            return {
                products: service.getProducts(),
            }
        },
    }
    </script>

    <!-- tab: products.service.js -->

>     const [products] = [{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const products = [{
```
